Add php-vector-tile-data-provider (#97)
mapbox/awesome-vector-tiles: README.md

- [SwiftVectorTiles](https://github.com/manimaul/SwiftVectorTiles) - A Swift encoder for vector tiles according to the Mapbox vector tile spec.
- [orb](https://github.com/paulmach/orb) - A Go geometry library with mvt <-> geojson support.
- [dart-vector-tile](https://github.com/saigontek/dart-vector-tile) - A simple Dart package to encode & decode Mapbox Vector Tile.

> - [php-vector-tile-data-provider](https://github.com/heymoon-cc/php-vector-tile-data-provider) - A Composer library for encoding arbitrary [OpenGIS](https://www.ogc.org/standards/sfa) data (as read from GeoJSON/WKT/WKB or populated manually) to MVT. Designed as base dependencty for custom tileserver ready for frequent updates on high RPS. Best fit for realtime weather or traffic data visualisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [php-vector-tile-data-provider](https://github.com/heymoon-cc/php-vector-tile-data-provider) - A Composer library for encoding arbitrary [OpenGIS](https://www.ogc.org/standards/sfa) data (as read from GeoJSON/WKT/WKB or populated manually) to MVT. Designed as a base dependency for custom tile server ready for frequent updates on high RPS. Best fit for real-time weather or traffic data visualization.
```
